Youth
You know the rules and so do I
I've broken it means far I'm deep in love
You won't get this wrong any other guy
I just wanna tell you how I'm feeling
Gotta make you understand
Never gonna give you home
Never gonna let you down
Never gonna run around and you just do
Never gonna make you cry
Never gonna shake you back
Never gonna jay on the mind
And hurt you
We know each other for so long
You'll start to be naked now
You'll just start to say
If you stop being focused
We'll go alone
We know the game I'm wearing
Gotta play it and you do I speak how I'm feeling
Don't tell me or two
But you see
Never gonna give you home
Never gonna let you down
Never gonna run around and you just do
Never gonna make you cry
Never gonna shake you back
Never gonna jay on the mind
And hurt you
Never gonna give you home
Never gonna let you down
Never gonna run around and you just do
Never gonna make you cry
Never gonna shake you back
Never gonna jay on the mind
And hurt you
Never gonna give you home
Never gonna give me, never gonna give me
In my life
We've known each other for so long
Your husband ain't king of
Your just has to say
It's a surprise for the husband
Go on, on
We know the game and we're gonna play it
I just wanna tell you how I feel it
Gotta make you understand
Never gonna give you, or
We've known each other for so long
Your husband ain't king of
Your just has to say
It's a surprise for the husband
Go on, on we're gonna save the
Bad, no, no, no, no
And bad too
Never gonna give you, or
We've known each other for so long
Your husband ain't king of
Your just has to say
It's a surprise for the husband
Go on, on we're gonna give you, or
We've known each other for so long
Your husband ain't king of
Your just has to say